So let's continue reading the section.
And in this video we're going to style everything.
And at the end of the video we will have something like these.
So it's been already thought and I'm going to split these two right.
Scroll to the bottom.
And we're going to have you come in.
We're going to have beach blog entries.
And then when that's on MySpace so we can see read it so you can see that we added this page.
BLOCK entries and this is going to be the pattern selector we're going either margin up and maybe 20
pixels.
Captain separationist and you can see that didn't work.
For example if reichlich you don't inspect.
And when I use plugged right here you can see that we have a problem here.
If I go over here on the homepage blog entries is expanding into this ball yourself.
And this is happening because this banner this Boyle has these floats and we didn't clear the floats
when I use these but at this point and I've been at them and we're looking here for after here we have
some clear fix that we can use.
Yeah right here we have these line which says Come get the category and then we have this clear fix.
So going out of that coma and going up and another selector after right here this will fix this problem.
So this is a really common problem when you load your DBs into wheel AFAIK the rest of your code.
So as you know these and you can see that we have this base
and now the homepage block entry is not the spining to the top.
So that's come on to fix that you can make.
So let's continue working with these.
Scroll to the bottom and from here on when I copy these next if you remember we have this on order that
is what when I remove the bullet.
Nice non Ingworth.
So when I remove the Madian memory and Cyril save these and reload and we remove the margin and also
the bullet.
That's nice.
So next we're going to copy this line and I want to play these three columns next to the other ones
who are going to be acquainted right here.
Media on the screen and mean grit.
Seven hundred sixty eight pieces and what do I call these based in three U.S. ally and one another with
30 percent and MADIGAN Right.
What I'm curious is why not the little one right here where we're at three point five percent.
And it's going to be float to the left and I went to either.
So right here you get a line based the last child I went to remove the margin on the right and Mariinsky.
So this way we will have three different lights with the percent and then we're going to have these
7 percent because we are removing the margin on the right on the last item.
So save these hand reload.
Now you can see we have the three columns and it's looking better.
So again we need to outsource here.
I'm going to copy these and I need to have the again make a search for the BE CLEAR freaks.
So we're going to have them right here taken out another comma and after I had so always when you're
working with floats you have to clear your flops and right here you can see now the edge two is working
great and the lights are working great Scott to have one of my gain.
And let's continue working.
So next for example if you take a look at into the sign and separation between these Tyrolean these
images and what are going to be these bays right here and we cover a lie.
So to prevent that these well or this electorate is throwing a lot I remove these and I'm going to target
them.
We only have one image to one of when I use these and I'm going to mark in bottom of one and save these
and reload.
Now you can see we have some separation here.
So next for example I have these H2 and they have these in the title so we can copy these on page blog
entries dot and then the title and what we're going to use.
Fun sites where I'm born for AM and what are going to use from family and we're going to pass LaRocco
my Sunseri.
And finally I'm going out one way and this game is going to be non-candidate.
So save this and reload and this is looking nicer.
I'm going to have a text transform now because we have out of all that the variance with that text transform
and look you can see now is looking better.
This one contains a lot of text in the in the title but that's fine.
Not every problem.
So let's continue working now if you take a look at these and we have these entry contd so we can get
that home page blog entries and 3 content and then we have their back up where we have these by the
I mean on the bottom we have the canteen so we can use the selector to align left reload
and Gracedieu we can have a lot of the
because we didn't have that by there.
Now because he's working the rate and if it looks like any of the sign and separation in these bath
I mean and they can and then we have these indicate that there is one of these home page log entries
and then we get it.
And then when I bought them again I am save these Indranil and use this is looking better and of course
you can see what you're seeing when embracing one embraces those who can cut these like on my right
here.
And apply that same line if you reload here.
Nothing is going to change.
It's looking great.
Finally if you take a look here we have the the link and we are at these classical in 3-D ink so we
can copy these again home page blog entries is way with Almayer's with all the resources and going out
of it's going to be really similar to this one.
So I think we can copy or cut these Komorowski so save these and reload run in.
Now these read Mahdi's looking great.
And then when I got the selector and I'm going to takes a line to the left say these I know now that
so of these pleade block so save these and reload by the or the anchors are using display line and they
have to have changes to display block plane display block is possible to align these two little.
So now you can see this is looking better a lot better.
For example the latest fall on the blog.
I want to create more separation.
You can see it really close here.
So I'm going to scroll to the top.
And then going I am embrace here
reload.
And yet if any of this is looking better we're going to copy these bays right here and could I have
these.
This section titled Why don't I call these.
And I went for the American version of one point to him.
So we had more separation here.
So reload and yeah definitely it does look better if I can make these smaller and everything is going
to be responsive.
You can see this looking great.
And you can click here and everything is going to work.
Exactly as we made this big.
So this is looking great.
And they end up coming in because we're going to continue working with these block sections.
We're on Amazon in the next video we're going to see how we can use made CIM to display a foreign Racheal
on the bottom instead.
Instead the farm like this one.